  #!aggregated source: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/arosh/ublacklist-stackoverflow-translation/master/uBlacklist.txt
16892.net #!aggregated
1r1g.com #!aggregated
55276.net #!aggregated
5axxw.com #!aggregated
711web.com #!aggregated
9ishenzhen.com #!aggregated
ajaxhispano.com #!aggregated
amuddycup.com #!aggregated
answacode.com #!aggregated
answer-id.com #!aggregated
answerlib.com #!aggregated
anycodings.com #!aggregated
ape-ask.com #!aggregated
appsloveworld.com #!aggregated
arip-photo.org #!aggregated
ask-dev.ru #!aggregated
askcodez.com #!aggregated
athabasca-foto.com #!aggregated
binarydevelop.com #!aggregated
cainiaojiaocheng.com #!aggregated
catwolf.org #!aggregated
cfadnc.org #!aggregated
cndgn.com #!aggregated
code-examples.net #!aggregated
code.i-harness.com #!aggregated
codebaoku.com #!aggregated
codefaq.info #!aggregated
codefaq.ru #!aggregated
codeflow.site #!aggregated
codegrepr.com #!aggregated
codeguides.site #!aggregated
codenong.com #!aggregated
coder-solution-es.com #!aggregated
coder.gay #!aggregated
coder.work #!aggregated
coderedirect.com #!aggregated
coderoad.ru #!aggregated
codeutility.org #!aggregated
culinarydegree.info #!aggregated
dailydevsblog.com #!aggregated
daplus.net #!aggregated
de-vraag.com #!aggregated
debugcn.com #!aggregated
debugko.com #!aggregated
desenv-web-rp.com #!aggregated
devdreamz.com #!aggregated
developreference.com #!aggregated
devfixes.com #!aggregated
digitrain.ru #!aggregated
domainelespailles.net #!aggregated
doraprojects.net #!aggregated
dovov.com #!aggregated
dtuto.com #!aggregated
ec-europe.org #!aggregated
ecnf2016.org #!aggregated
edupro.id #!aggregated
edureka.co #!aggregated
elfishgene.com #!aggregated
errorsfixing.com #!aggregated
etsoutdoors.com #!aggregated
exchangetuts.com #!aggregated
faithcov.org #!aggregated
faqcode4u.com #!aggregated
faqcodes.com #!aggregated
fitforlearning.org #!aggregated
fixes.pub #!aggregated
fluffyfables.com #!aggregated
flutterhq.com #!aggregated
fmihm.org #!aggregated
fullstackuser.com #!aggregated
generacodice.com #!aggregated
ghcc.net #!aggregated
gupgallery.com #!aggregated
intellipaat.com #!aggregated
iquestion.pro #!aggregated
isolution.pro #!aggregated
issuecloser.com #!aggregated
it-roy-ru.com #!aggregated
it-swarm-fr.com #!aggregated
it-swarm-ja.com #!aggregated
it-swarm-ja.tech #!aggregated
it-swarm.jp.net #!aggregated
itecnote.com #!aggregated
itectec.com #!aggregated
iteramos.com #!aggregated
itranslater.com #!aggregated
jablogs.com #!aggregated
javaer101.com #!aggregated
javafixing.com #!aggregated
jike.in #!aggregated
jonic.cn #!aggregated
jscodetips.com #!aggregated
knews.vip #!aggregated
kotaeta.com #!aggregated
linuxfixes.com #!aggregated
living-sun.com #!aggregated
mediatagtw.com #!aggregated
mejorcodigo.com #!aggregated
microeducate.tech #!aggregated
mlink.in #!aggregated
narkive.jp #!aggregated
newbedev.com #!aggregated
noblenaz.org #!aggregated
ntcdoon.org #!aggregated
nuomiphp.com #!aggregated
ogeek.cn #!aggregated
oomake.com #!aggregated
ostack.cn #!aggregated
ourladylakes.org #!aggregated
overcoder.net #!aggregated
overstack.in #!aggregated
pakostnici.com #!aggregated
panaindustrial.com #!aggregated
pcbconline.org #!aggregated
peaku.co #!aggregated
progi.pro #!aggregated
prograide.com #!aggregated
programmierfrage.com #!aggregated
projectbackpack.org #!aggregated
qa-stack.pl #!aggregated
qa.icopy.site #!aggregated
qapicks.com #!aggregated
qastack.cn #!aggregated
qastack.co.in #!aggregated
qastack.com.br #!aggregated
qastack.com.de #!aggregated
qastack.com.ua #!aggregated
qastack.fr #!aggregated
qastack.id #!aggregated
qastack.in.th #!aggregated
qastack.info.tr #!aggregated
qastack.it #!aggregated
qastack.jp #!aggregated
qastack.kr #!aggregated
qastack.mx #!aggregated
qastack.net.bd #!aggregated
qastack.ru #!aggregated
qastack.vn #!aggregated
qatop.pythonwood.com #!aggregated
qi-u.com #!aggregated
quabr.com #!aggregated
querythreads.com #!aggregated
question-it.com #!aggregated
questu.ru #!aggregated
routinepanic.com #!aggregated
sch22.org #!aggregated
semicolonworld.com #!aggregated
serveanswer.com #!aggregated
shenghuobao.net #!aggregated
shenzhenjia.cn #!aggregated
shenzhenjia.net #!aggregated
sierrasummit2005.org #!aggregated
siwib.org #!aggregated
so.muouseo.com #!aggregated
softwareuser.asklobster.com #!aggregated
solveforum.com #!aggregated
splunktool.com #!aggregated
sqlite.in #!aggregated
stackfinder.jp.net #!aggregated
stackfinder.ru #!aggregated
stackguides.com #!aggregated
stackoom.com #!aggregated
stackovergo.com #!aggregated
string.quest #!aggregated
sunflowercreations.org #!aggregated
super-unix.com #!aggregated
syntaxfix.com #!aggregated
sysadminde.com #!aggregated
tagsqa.com #!aggregated
techhelpnotes.com #!aggregated
techinplanet.com #!aggregated
thecodeteacher.com #!aggregated
theshuggahpies.com #!aggregated
tipsfordev.com #!aggregated
titanwolf.org #!aggregated
tousu.in #!aggregated
try2explore.com #!aggregated
tutorialmore.com #!aggregated
ubuntu.buildwebhost.com #!aggregated
ubuntuaa.com #!aggregated
ubuntubin.com #!aggregated
uebu-kaihatsu.jp.net #!aggregated
uwenku.com #!aggregated
vigge.cn #!aggregated
vigge.net #!aggregated
vigges.net #!aggregated
voidcc.com #!aggregated
wake-up-neo.net #!aggregated
waldorf-am-see.org #!aggregated
waymanamechurch.org #!aggregated
web-dev-qa-db-fr.com #!aggregated
web-dev-qa-db-fra.com #!aggregated
web-dev-qa-db-ja.com #!aggregated
web-dev-qa-db-pt.com #!aggregated
web-dev-qa.com #!aggregated
webdevask.com #!aggregated
webdevdesigner.com #!aggregated
webdevqa.jp.net #!aggregated
wp-qa.com #!aggregated
wujigu.com #!aggregated
xsprogram.com #!aggregated
xstack.ru #!aggregated
xstack.us #!aggregated
yaoply.com #!aggregated
younggeeks.in #!aggregated
zaizhele.cn #!aggregated
zaizhele.net #!aggregated
zsharp.org #!aggregated
  #!aggregated source: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/arosh/ublacklist-github-translation/master/uBlacklist.txt
awesomeopensource.com #!aggregated
bestofcpp.com #!aggregated
bestrustcrates.com #!aggregated
bleepcoder.com #!aggregated
codesti.com #!aggregated
curatedgo.com #!aggregated
findbestopensource.com #!aggregated
gitanswer.com #!aggregated
gitanswer.net #!aggregated
giters.com #!aggregated
github.innominds.com #!aggregated
githubhelp.com #!aggregated
githubhot.com #!aggregated
githubja.com #!aggregated
githublab.com #!aggregated
githubmate.com #!aggregated
githubmemory.com #!aggregated
githubplus.com #!aggregated
gitmemory.cn #!aggregated
gitmemory.com #!aggregated
golangrepo.com #!aggregated
higithub.com #!aggregated
issueantenna.com #!aggregated
issuehint.com #!aggregated
kandi.openweaver.com #!aggregated
openprojectrepo.com #!aggregated
opensourcelibs.com #!aggregated
pythonissues.com #!aggregated
pythonrepo.com #!aggregated
reposhub.com #!aggregated
rustrepo.com #!aggregated
wenyanet.com #!aggregated
  #!aggregated source: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/wdmpa/content-farm-list/main/domains/machine-translated/stackoverflow.txt
366service.com #!aggregated
androidcookie.com #!aggregated
ask.helplib.com #!aggregated
cn.voidcc.com #!aggregated
kb.kutu66.com #!aggregated
koubeiblog.com #!aggregated
mlog.club #!aggregated
qa.1r1g.com #!aggregated
qastack.in #!aggregated
qastack.lk #!aggregated
recalll.co #!aggregated
soinside.com #!aggregated
stackoverrun.com #!aggregated
thinbug.com #!aggregated
voidcn.com #!aggregated
