  # aggregation: #!diveng
  # source: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/DivineEngine/uBlacklist/master/blacklist.txt
  # homepage: https://github.com/DivineEngine/uBlacklist
m.toutiao.com #!diveng
baidu.com #!diveng
csdn.net #!diveng
mp-host-path:cloud.tencent.com/developer/* #!diveng
mp-host-path:cn.aliyun.com/ss/* #!diveng
mp-host-path:cn.aliyun.com/sswm/* #!diveng
mp-host-path:developer.aliyun.com/ask/* #!diveng
mp-host-path:juejin.cn/s/* #!diveng
mp-host-path:www.aliyun.com/sswd/* #!diveng
mp-host-path:www.huaweicloud.com/theme/* #!diveng
kafan.cn #!diveng
z.sogou.com #!diveng
07yue.com #!diveng
1377003.com #!diveng
2612610.com #!diveng
268382.com #!diveng
35wed.com #!diveng
373406.com #!diveng
373524.com #!diveng
3955013.com #!diveng
3997025.com #!diveng
3pppys.com #!diveng
4563.org #!diveng
4k8k.xyz #!diveng
521253.com #!diveng
52huiyijia.com #!diveng
5a3q.com #!diveng
5yun.org #!diveng
63458cp.com #!diveng
6532088.com #!diveng
6532099.com #!diveng
68shu.cn #!diveng
6do.news #!diveng
7511156.com #!diveng
7661551.com #!diveng
91ai.net #!diveng
985ys.com #!diveng
a1fz.com #!diveng
aasou.cc #!diveng
abcgonglue.com #!diveng
abcsou.cc #!diveng
afcc.cc #!diveng
aijiayong.com #!diveng
aiznh.com #!diveng
amww.cc #!diveng
androidcookie.com #!diveng
anysearch.cc #!diveng
atpp.cc #!diveng
b22w.cn #!diveng
baike6.com #!diveng
bajiaoyingshi.com #!diveng
bamuyi.com #!diveng
bbsmax.com #!diveng
bees.pub #!diveng
bestsou.cc #!diveng
bianchengquan.com #!diveng
bjcvc.com.cn #!diveng
bmnn.cc #!diveng
bossnet.com.cn #!diveng
bubuko.com #!diveng
bugelun.com #!diveng
bxtt.cc #!diveng
carlalucente.com #!diveng
ccsearch.cc #!diveng
cdmana.com #!diveng
ceden.cn #!diveng
ceospacela.com #!diveng
chabuduoyang.com #!diveng
chaofood.com #!diveng
chaosou.cc #!diveng
cherryknow.com #!diveng
chinafix.com #!diveng
chinesewords.org #!diveng
chongwu.hk #!diveng
codeantenna.com #!diveng
codeczz.com #!diveng
codeday.me #!diveng
codeleading.com #!diveng
codenong.com #!diveng
codeprj.com #!diveng
coder.work #!diveng
codetd.com #!diveng
cpu668.com #!diveng
crifan.com #!diveng
csbkg.com #!diveng
cuoshuo.com #!diveng
cxybb.com #!diveng
cxymm.net #!diveng
cxyzjd.com #!diveng
czgip.com #!diveng
dacongyun.com #!diveng
dafuhua.com #!diveng
dafx.cc #!diveng
daimajiaoliu.com #!diveng
daoshengshu.com #!diveng
dapg.cc #!diveng
da-quan.net #!diveng
dasearch.cc #!diveng
dayb.cc #!diveng
dazhuanlan.com #!diveng
dcep676.com #!diveng
dditblog.com #!diveng
ddpei.com #!diveng
ddxinwen.com #!diveng
developpaper.com #!diveng
dfkre.com #!diveng
dfskw.top #!diveng
dianhuahuiyi.com.cn #!diveng
dkxuanye.cn #!diveng
dljfr.com #!diveng
docway.net #!diveng
dongdaima.com #!diveng
dounaite.com #!diveng
doyouknow.wiki #!diveng
duanyidian.xyz #!diveng
dust.wiki #!diveng
dwws.cc #!diveng
dyfwdq.com #!diveng
eatash.com #!diveng
editcode.net #!diveng
eeq8.com #!diveng
eliveint.com #!diveng
ergie.top #!diveng
erzet.cc #!diveng
etbot.net #!diveng
eternalelectronics.com #!diveng
eyewated.com #!diveng
fazhiyanjiu.cn #!diveng
fdf35.com #!diveng
fdf42.com #!diveng
fdf58.com #!diveng
fepp.cc #!diveng
flyzyblog.net #!diveng
fountainhead-game.com #!diveng
fuwuqiceping.com #!diveng
fwqzdm.com #!diveng
fydqw.com #!diveng
g408.com #!diveng
gameboys.net #!diveng
gaoyongboke.com #!diveng
getit01.com #!diveng
gh-2.net #!diveng
git2get.com #!diveng
gitanswer.com #!diveng
guizhouxiaochi123.com #!diveng
gysywood.com #!diveng
gzchaxun.com #!diveng
hacker66.me #!diveng
hanlefang.net #!diveng
haokuaisou.cc #!diveng
haosh.cc #!diveng
hastynews.com #!diveng
hbguanri.com #!diveng
helplib.com #!diveng
hezhisw.com #!diveng
hezs88.com #!diveng
homedt.net #!diveng
hongshaocai.com #!diveng
hostzxw.com #!diveng
hotbgm.com #!diveng
htmlwdw.com #!diveng
huiss.cc #!diveng
hyk0751.com #!diveng
hziho.com #!diveng
i4k.xyz #!diveng
ibestchoice.com #!diveng
iccidchaxun.com #!diveng
icode.best #!diveng
ipeizi.xyz #!diveng
iphonediule.com #!diveng
issueexplorer.com #!diveng
itermail.com #!diveng
itranslater.com #!diveng
its203.com #!diveng
its301.com #!diveng
its304.com #!diveng
its401.com #!diveng
its404.com #!diveng
jb51.cc #!diveng
jb51.net #!diveng
jf-tendais.com #!diveng
jianboge.com #!diveng
jiasuniao.com #!diveng
jifengba.com #!diveng
jingjia.net #!diveng
jipai.cc #!diveng
jishuwen.com #!diveng
jmvw.cn #!diveng
joanne-kelly.com #!diveng
jsfengchao.com #!diveng
jssou.cc #!diveng
justinjeffrey.com #!diveng
jy135.com #!diveng
kergi.top #!diveng
kewenba.com #!diveng
kknews.cc #!diveng
knowmore.cc #!diveng
kpjyz.com #!diveng
kuaisusou.cc #!diveng
kusearch.cc #!diveng
langningpiano.com #!diveng
ldkwi.top #!diveng
ldlgzs.com #!diveng
lefx.cc #!diveng
linksou.cc #!diveng
locks.wiki #!diveng
longxinghotel.cn #!diveng
looksearch.cc #!diveng
luocige.com #!diveng
luriestudio.com #!diveng
m.hljbwjf.com #!diveng
machbbs.com #!diveng
maggie-siff.com #!diveng
miaook.com #!diveng
mincoon.com #!diveng
minimalathletics.com #!diveng
mnkan.com #!diveng
moe.am #!diveng
mofalin.com #!diveng
muzijie.com #!diveng
mvpsky.com #!diveng
nas-portal.com #!diveng
needmorefood.com #!diveng
nfrmate.com #!diveng
niul.net #!diveng
nksou.cc #!diveng
notesearch.cc #!diveng
nwuja.com #!diveng
oudebaosw.com #!diveng
p3yk.com #!diveng
pachotel.com #!diveng
pai-hang-bang.com #!diveng
paperbert.com #!diveng
pc-daily.com #!diveng
pctantao.com #!diveng
penzai.com #!diveng
philwoods.me #!diveng
pianshen.com #!diveng
plate.wiki #!diveng
pn9y.com #!diveng
ppfocus.com #!diveng
programmer.group #!diveng
programminghunter.com #!diveng
pwpc.cc #!diveng
qacc.cc #!diveng
qastack.cn #!diveng
qche.org #!diveng
qdmana.com #!diveng
qishunwang.net #!diveng
qkpp.cc #!diveng
qq-name.cn #!diveng
qroutinepanic.com #!diveng
qwbkw.com #!diveng
read01.com #!diveng
rechigroup.com #!diveng
rjzzq.com #!diveng
rocksearch.cc #!diveng
rongyidagl.com #!diveng
runxinzhi.com #!diveng
rutrut.eu #!diveng
rxpnb.fun #!diveng
scificonduit.com #!diveng
seospt.com #!diveng
sf024.com #!diveng
shangmayuan.com #!diveng
shengqian001.com #!diveng
shenmedaquan.com #!diveng
shenmedouyou.xyz #!diveng
shoeku.com #!diveng
shtopchamber.com #!diveng
shuzhiduo.com #!diveng
sinabz.com #!diveng
softwarebrother.com #!diveng
soinside.com #!diveng
songketop.com #!diveng
sounote.cc #!diveng
spectrumsci.com #!diveng
stackask.cn #!diveng
stackoom.com #!diveng
starbytecomputers.com #!diveng
sync-computers.com #!diveng
systemcity.cn #!diveng
syy79.com #!diveng
tee25.com #!diveng
thcc.cc #!diveng
thinbug.com #!diveng
tititi.cc #!diveng
tl80.cn #!diveng
tmtkz.com #!diveng
tujiebar.com #!diveng
tzxzsh.com #!diveng
uhelp.cc #!diveng
ujiaoshou.com #!diveng
unzx.cc #!diveng
vbup.cc #!diveng
vip-chn.com #!diveng
vj04.com #!diveng
vnzx.cc #!diveng
voidcc.com #!diveng
voidcn.com #!diveng
voorp.com #!diveng
vpsxxs.com #!diveng
vxyb.cn #!diveng
wasou.cc #!diveng
websou.cc #!diveng
weifx.cc #!diveng
weisearch.cc #!diveng
wenda123.org #!diveng
wenjiangs.com #!diveng
wenkuming.com #!diveng
wenyanet.com #!diveng
whldl.com #!diveng
win10set.com #!diveng
wj458.com #!diveng
wkmm.cc #!diveng
wsearch.cc #!diveng
wtsearch.cc #!diveng
709xs.com #!diveng
k90e.com #!diveng
leyijc.com #!diveng
smf10.com #!diveng
xknote.com #!diveng
xa8.net #!diveng
xbuba.com #!diveng
xerer.com #!diveng
xiaoshuolist.com #!diveng
xiaozhishi.net #!diveng
xinhexinli.com #!diveng
xinsearch.cc #!diveng
xitongcheng.com #!diveng
xjqy.org #!diveng
yangmao.info #!diveng
yaowenming.com #!diveng
yatt.cc #!diveng
ydbaike.club #!diveng
yhbearing.net #!diveng
youfx.cc #!diveng
yousearch.cc #!diveng
yues.org #!diveng
yuucee.com #!diveng
yxzcbj.com #!diveng
yzmagazine.com #!diveng
zafaetin.me #!diveng
zhixiangbaozhuang.net #!diveng
zhongleishiye.com #!diveng
ziyangwp.com #!diveng
zizhuzhishi.com #!diveng
zjjint.com #!diveng
zsythn.com #!diveng
ztpp.cc #!diveng
zuofajingyan.com #!diveng
zvtt.cc #!diveng
zxsou.cc #!diveng
zymseo.com #!diveng
/epochtimes\.+/ #!diveng
/falundafa\.+/ #!diveng
64memo.com #!diveng
64tianwang.com #!diveng
aboluowang.com #!diveng
bannedbook.org #!diveng
bjs.org #!diveng
china21.org #!diveng
chinaaffairs.org #!diveng
cwzg.cn #!diveng
dafahao.com #!diveng
dalianmeng.org #!diveng
dongtaiwang.com #!diveng
epochweekly.com #!diveng
falunaz.net #!diveng
falundafamuseum.org #!diveng
falungong.club #!diveng
fgmtv.org #!diveng
gongyiluntan.org #!diveng
hongzhi.li #!diveng
hrichina.org #!diveng
kanzhongguo.com #!diveng
mh4u.org #!diveng
mhradio.org #!diveng
minghui.org #!diveng
mp-hosts-path:ntdtv.com//* #!diveng
ogate.org #!diveng
open.com.hk #!diveng
renminbao.com #!diveng
rfa.org #!diveng
secretchina.com #!diveng
shenyun.com #!diveng
shenyunperformingarts.org #!diveng
shenzhoufilm.com #!diveng
soundofhope.org #!diveng
tiantibooks.org #!diveng
tuidang.org #!diveng
upholdjustice.org #!diveng
watchinese.com #!diveng
wolfax.com #!diveng
wujieliulan.com #!diveng
xinsheng.net #!diveng
yuanming.net #!diveng
zhengjian.org #!diveng
zhuanfl.com #!diveng
zhuichaguoji.org #!diveng
ab-tc.com #!diveng
lifetimeuscn.com #!diveng
ne0matrix.com #!diveng
truthmoviegroup.wixsite.com #!diveng
4009997658.com #!diveng
abbyychina.com #!diveng
alienskins.cn #!diveng
anydeskchina.cn #!diveng
bartender.cc #!diveng
betterzip.net #!diveng
betterzipcn.com #!diveng
beyondcompare.cc #!diveng
bingdianhuanyuan.cn #!diveng
chemdraw.com.cn #!diveng
cjmakeding.com #!diveng
cjmkt.com #!diveng
codesoftchina.com #!diveng
coreldrawchina.com #!diveng
crossoverchina.com #!diveng
dongmansoft.com #!diveng
earmasterchina.cn #!diveng
easyrecoverychina.com #!diveng
ediuschina.com #!diveng
flstudiochina.com #!diveng
folxchina.cn #!diveng
formysql.com #!diveng
guitarpro.cc #!diveng
huishenghuiying.com.cn #!diveng
hypeapp.cn #!diveng
hypersnap.net #!diveng
iconworkshop.cn #!diveng
idmchina.net #!diveng
imazingchina.com #!diveng
imindmap.cc #!diveng
jihehuaban.com.cn #!diveng
keyshot.cc #!diveng
kingdeecn.cn #!diveng
logoshejishi.com #!diveng
luping.net.cn #!diveng
mairuan.cn #!diveng
mairuan.com #!diveng
mairuan.com.cn #!diveng
mairuan.net #!diveng
mairuanwang.com #!diveng
makeding.com #!diveng
mathtype.cn #!diveng
mindmanager.cc #!diveng
mindmanager.cn #!diveng
mindmapper.cc #!diveng
mycleanmymac.com #!diveng
nicelabel.cc #!diveng
ntfsformac.cc #!diveng
ntfsformac.cn #!diveng
overturechina.com #!diveng
passwordrecovery.cn #!diveng
pdfexpert.cc #!diveng
photozoomchina.com #!diveng
shankejingling.com #!diveng
ultraiso.net #!diveng
vegaschina.cn #!diveng
xitongqingli.com #!diveng
xmindchina.net #!diveng
xshellcn.com #!diveng
yihuifu.cn #!diveng
yuanchengxiezuo.com #!diveng
zbrushcn.com #!diveng
zhzzx.com #!diveng
